do a comprehensvie review of the project, understand what it is doing right now and then i want you to understnad that
this is project is not a create a interface that looks like the a car, we're using that more a metaphor for our experiment, 
the key idea is a research idea to find a faster way to navigations through lists using audio only. The goal is to make it 
faster than any aviable rersearch method found. 

Ok, so here is what we have to do. For the phone book, right internally we're demoonstrating this as a list.
But this is not what we're supposed to do. A better way would be a have 5 gears or 5 levels of increasing and decreasing speed
and instead of linearly increaring the speed. We start of a the first element, in a trie like data structure, so the in first gear 
we bascially go from index 1 to index 2. But now, think of the problem this way, it's like a tire with 5 levels, if let's say in the first
gear, we start a 1, and bascially the fifth gear would be us going thorugh alphaberts, A, B, C, D, and then the fourth level would be AA, AB, 
the third level would be AAA AAB, and then second would be 4 letter like jumping like that and the normal one would be just using the full index
and incresing the index by 1.

You get the point right, instead of using a linear structure to navigate, we use a tree like structure to navigate, and we can switch between the gears
to change the speed of the navigation, so that we can find the element we're looking for faster.

The internal data structure would look like a trie where it has access the left left to it, above it, below it, right right to it. So, bacially, 
when you start at gear 1, you're at the index 1, let's say the name was ANSEL, the second one was ANTHONY, the third was ANTIQUITY, then 4th
was ANTARCTICA. When in gear 1, we'll start of at ANSEL, and iterate list index + 1, BUT THEN when we shift our gear to 2, you'll then start jumping, 
ANSE, ANSF (if that's present) or the element to the right of in their data strucre. 

Now for the UI part, keep it realivley simialt but we may need to redo the scrollign anumationg to take in the accont rapid speed increases.